README.md, before:

# GitHub Profile Achievements 🏆

A collection listing all Achievements available on the GitHub profile.

Following the launch of the first Mars Helicopter, [Ingenuity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ingenuity_(helicopter)), GitHub [announced](https://github.blog/2021-04-19-open-source-goes-to-mars/) the new Achievements section:

> We are also using this opportunity to introduce a new Achievements section to the GitHub profile. Right now, Achievements include the Mars 2020 Helicopter Mission badge, the [Arctic Code Vault](https://archiveprogram.github.com/arctic-vault/) badge, and a badge for sponsoring open source work via [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors).

This repository attempts to list them all.

**2022-06-09:** GitHub [announced more Achievements](https://github.blog/2022-06-09-introducing-achievements-recognizing-the-many-stages-of-a-developers-coding-journey/), but without specific criteria. If you see something not listed here, please open an issue :)

Don't like the Achievements? [Here](https://docs.github.com/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/managing-contribution-settings-on-your-profile/showing-your-private-contributions-and-achievements-on-your-profile#changing-the-visibility-of-achievements) is how to disable them. [Direct link to the setting for your convenience](https://github.com/settings/profile#profile-settings-heading).

## Achievements

| Title | Badge | Earnable? | Earned by |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
Arctic Code Vault Contributor | ![Arctic Code Vault Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/arctic-code-vault-contributor-default.png) | ❌ | Contributed code to repositories in the [2020 GitHub Archive Program](https://archiveprogram.github.com/)
Public Sponsor | ![GitHub Sponsor Achievement Badge](/images/public-sponsor-default.png) | ✔️ | Sponsoring open source work via [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors)
Mars 2020 Contributor | ![Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/mars-2020-contributor-default.png) | ❌ | Contributed code to repositories used in the [Mars 2020 Helicopter Mission](https://github.com/readme/nasa-ingenuity-helicopter)
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate the original achievements from the new ones -->
Galaxy Brain | ![Galaxy Brain Badge](/images/galaxy-brain-default.png) | ✔️ | 2 accepted answers
Pull Shark | ![Pull Shark Badge](/images/pull-shark-default.png) | ✔️ | 2 opened pull requests that have been merged
YOLO | ![YOLO Badge](/images/yolo-default.png) | ✔️ | Merged pull request without code review

## Tiers

Some Achievements not only have the base version, but also tiers.

| Title | Tier | Badge | Earned by |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
Galaxy Brain x2 | Bronze 🥉 | ![Galaxy Brain Bronze Badge](/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-bronze.png) | 8 accepted answers
Galaxy Brain x3 | Silver 🥈 | ![Galaxy Brain Silver Badge](/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-silver.png) | 16 accepted answers
Galaxy Brain x4 | Gold 🥇 | ![Galaxy Brain Gold Badge](/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-gold.png) | 32 accepted answers
Pull Shark x2 | Bronze 🥉 | ![Pull Shark Bronze Badge](/images/tiers/pull-shark-bronze.png) | 16 pull requests merged
Pull Shark x3 | Silver 🥈 | ![Pull Shark Silver Badge](/images/tiers/pull-shark-silver.png) | 128 pull requests merged
Pull Shark x4 | Gold 🥇 | ![Pull Shark Gold Badge](/images/tiers/pull-shark-gold.png) | 1024 pull requests merged

## Official list

There ~~is~~ was an official list available in the GitHub Docs at  
<https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#displaying-badges-on-your-profile> ([link to the archived version](https://web.archive.org/web/20220531023858/https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#displaying-badges-on-your-profile)).  
There is still a section which includes specifics on how badges were/are awarded, e.g. which [repositories and versions qualified for the Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#list-of-qualifying-repositories-for-mars-2020-helicopter-contributor-achievement).

~~Consider this repository a mirror, maybe in the future with historic purpose.~~ Unless there will be an official list again, this is it.

## Details

### Tier labels

Each tier has a label associated which includes a color.

| Tier | Label | Sample | Hex | Visual |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
Bronze 🥉 | x2 | ![x2](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-bronze.svg) | #F9BFA7 | ![#F9BFA7](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23F9BFA7-yellow?style=flat-square&color=F9BFA7)
Silver 🥈 | x3 | ![x3](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-silver.svg) | #E1E4E4 | ![#E1E4E4](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23E1E4E4-yellow?style=flat-square&color=E1E4E4)
Gold 🥇 | x4 | ![x4](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-gold.svg) | #FAE57E  | ![#FAE57E](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23FAE57E-yellow?style=flat-square&color=FAE57E)

## Previous versions

### 2021-04-19 - 2022-06-09

From the [start with Ingenuity on 2021-04-19](https://github.blog/2021-04-19-open-source-goes-to-mars/) until the [additions on 2022-06-09](https://github.blog/2022-06-09-introducing-achievements-recognizing-the-many-stages-of-a-developers-coding-journey/), the first three Achievements had slightly different designs and names. In other words, they were overhauled on 2022-06-09.

```diff
- GitHub Sponsor
+ Public Sponsor
- Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor
+ Mars 2020 Contributor
```

Here are the old designs and names:

| Title | Badge |
| --- | --- |
Arctic Code Vault Contributor | ![Arctic Code Vault Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-arctic-code-vault-small.png)
GitHub Sponsor | ![GitHub Sponsor Achievement Badge](/images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-sponsors-small.png)
Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor | ![Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor Achievement Badge](images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-mars-2020-small.png)

Commit message:

add section "More details on how to achieve"

README.md, after:

# GitHub Profile Achievements 🏆

A collection listing all Achievements available on the GitHub profile.

Following the launch of the first Mars Helicopter, [Ingenuity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ingenuity_(helicopter)), GitHub [announced](https://github.blog/2021-04-19-open-source-goes-to-mars/) the new Achievements section:

> We are also using this opportunity to introduce a new Achievements section to the GitHub profile. Right now, Achievements include the Mars 2020 Helicopter Mission badge, the [Arctic Code Vault](https://archiveprogram.github.com/arctic-vault/) badge, and a badge for sponsoring open source work via [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors).

This repository attempts to list them all.

**2022-06-09:** GitHub [announced more Achievements](https://github.blog/2022-06-09-introducing-achievements-recognizing-the-many-stages-of-a-developers-coding-journey/), but without specific criteria. If you see something not listed here, please open an issue :)

Don't like the Achievements? [Here](https://docs.github.com/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/managing-contribution-settings-on-your-profile/showing-your-private-contributions-and-achievements-on-your-profile#changing-the-visibility-of-achievements) is how to disable them. [Direct link to the setting for your convenience](https://github.com/settings/profile#profile-settings-heading).

## Achievements

| Title | Badge | Earnable? | Earned by |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
Arctic Code Vault Contributor | ![Arctic Code Vault Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/arctic-code-vault-contributor-default.png) | ❌ | Contributed code to repositories in the [2020 GitHub Archive Program](https://archiveprogram.github.com/)
Public Sponsor | ![GitHub Sponsor Achievement Badge](/images/public-sponsor-default.png) | ✔️ | Sponsoring open source work via [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors)
Mars 2020 Contributor | ![Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/mars-2020-contributor-default.png) | ❌ | Contributed code to repositories used in the [Mars 2020 Helicopter Mission](https://github.com/readme/nasa-ingenuity-helicopter)
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate the original achievements from the new ones -->
Galaxy Brain | ![Galaxy Brain Badge](/images/galaxy-brain-default.png) | ✔️ | 2 accepted answers
Pull Shark | ![Pull Shark Badge](/images/pull-shark-default.png) | ✔️ | 2 opened pull requests that have been merged
YOLO | ![YOLO Badge](/images/yolo-default.png) | ✔️ | Merged pull request without code review

## Tiers

Some Achievements not only have the base version, but also tiers.

| Title | Tier | Badge | Earned by |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
Galaxy Brain x2 | Bronze 🥉 | ![Galaxy Brain Bronze Badge](/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-bronze.png) | 8 accepted answers
Galaxy Brain x3 | Silver 🥈 | ![Galaxy Brain Silver Badge](/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-silver.png) | 16 accepted answers
Galaxy Brain x4 | Gold 🥇 | ![Galaxy Brain Gold Badge](/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-gold.png) | 32 accepted answers
Pull Shark x2 | Bronze 🥉 | ![Pull Shark Bronze Badge](/images/tiers/pull-shark-bronze.png) | 16 pull requests merged
Pull Shark x3 | Silver 🥈 | ![Pull Shark Silver Badge](/images/tiers/pull-shark-silver.png) | 128 pull requests merged
Pull Shark x4 | Gold 🥇 | ![Pull Shark Gold Badge](/images/tiers/pull-shark-gold.png) | 1024 pull requests merged

## Official list

There ~~is~~ was an official list available in the GitHub Docs at  
<https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#displaying-badges-on-your-profile> ([link to the archived version](https://web.archive.org/web/20220531023858/https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#displaying-badges-on-your-profile)).  
There is still a section which includes specifics on how badges were/are awarded, e.g. which [repositories and versions qualified for the Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#list-of-qualifying-repositories-for-mars-2020-helicopter-contributor-achievement).

~~Consider this repository a mirror, maybe in the future with historic purpose.~~ Unless there will be an official list again, this is it.

## Details

### More details on how to achieve

For now, please refer to the [discussions](https://github.com/Schweinepriester/github-profile-achievements/discussions).
- [Galaxy Brain](https://github.com/Schweinepriester/github-profile-achievements/discussions/9#discussioncomment-2927413)
- [YOLO](https://github.com/Schweinepriester/github-profile-achievements/discussions/6#discussioncomment-2934257)

### Tier labels

Each tier has a label associated which includes a color.

| Tier | Label | Sample | Hex | Visual |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
Bronze 🥉 | x2 | ![x2](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-bronze.svg) | #F9BFA7 | ![#F9BFA7](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23F9BFA7-yellow?style=flat-square&color=F9BFA7)
Silver 🥈 | x3 | ![x3](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-silver.svg) | #E1E4E4 | ![#E1E4E4](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23E1E4E4-yellow?style=flat-square&color=E1E4E4)
Gold 🥇 | x4 | ![x4](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-gold.svg) | #FAE57E  | ![#FAE57E](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23FAE57E-yellow?style=flat-square&color=FAE57E)

## Previous versions

### 2021-04-19 - 2022-06-09

From the [start with Ingenuity on 2021-04-19](https://github.blog/2021-04-19-open-source-goes-to-mars/) until the [additions on 2022-06-09](https://github.blog/2022-06-09-introducing-achievements-recognizing-the-many-stages-of-a-developers-coding-journey/), the first three Achievements had slightly different designs and names. In other words, they were overhauled on 2022-06-09.

```diff
- GitHub Sponsor
+ Public Sponsor
- Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor
+ Mars 2020 Contributor
```

Here are the old designs and names:

| Title | Badge |
| --- | --- |
Arctic Code Vault Contributor | ![Arctic Code Vault Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-arctic-code-vault-small.png)
GitHub Sponsor | ![GitHub Sponsor Achievement Badge](/images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-sponsors-small.png)
Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor | ![Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor Achievement Badge](images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-mars-2020-small.png)
